This is a graphical drift correction tool for the purpose of making manual corrections to automated algorithms.

The user is presented with a reference view of the imaging field on the left, and a frame-by-frame view of the image sequence to be corrected for
drift on the right. 

The user can turn on ZOOM and PAN modes by clicking on the respective buttons, and can change the minimum and maximum scale of the brightness for the
images (which correspond to a single channel) in the ColorScale editable text window.

The Play/Rewind tools (buttons and slider) control the frame of the image sequence that is shown at the right.

The drift control buttons move the image up or down so the user can manually correct the drift of the current frame. If the '5x' button is highlighted, 
then changes are made in 5 pixel increments. Otherwise, changes are made in 1 pixel increments.

The drift correction value for each frame is shown at the right. Selecting a frame brings that frame into view. 

The user can choose 'Fill Down' to apply the drift of the currently selected frame to the remaining frames.

The user can identify two 'key frames' so that the program will interpolate the drift between the two positions. For example, suppose the image is stable up
up to frame 100, and then drifts evenly until from 200. The user can mark frame 100 as a 'key frame', go down to frame 200 and correct the drift, and then mark 
frame 200 as a 'key frame'. At this point, the drift from frames 101 to 199 will be interpolated evenly between frames 100 and 200, and the 'key frame' marking
is cleared.

The user can add his/her own marks to the image by clicking 'Add Marks'. The user will be prompted to click on locations, and the marks appear as a 
crosshair symbol. The user can also control whether or not any cells that were drawn on the reference image are also shown on both images.

The user can reload any drift correction that was applied previously by clicking the 'Reload' button, and can save the current drift settings to disk
by clicking the 'Save' button.  'Cancel' closes the window.
